# 1.1 As a user, I want to register myself.

## User Acceptance Test 1: Successfully registering, sign up for service

1. Start program in CMD-Line by running "gui_motivational_quotes.py" in program-production folder. (Ensure MongoDB is running and listening on port 27017)
2. See new window opening on screen. New window has 1 field to enter email, and 1 button to "Log In"
3. Enter your email address into the only open textbox.
4. Press "Log In" button
5. New entrie box appears with title "Enter your username" (This happens only for new user)
6. Enter your username. Followed by pressing the "Enter" button
7. The window reloads. You are now succesfully registered and signed up for the service.
8. You can now add or delete your keywords. Or change your preffered email receiving time. You can also unsubscribe and log out. See other User acceptance tests for other functionalities.


## User Acceptance Test 2: Try to register already registered user
1. Start program in CMD-Line by running "gui_motivational_quotes.py" in program-production folder. (Ensure MongoDB is running and listening on port 27017)
2. See new window opening on screen. New window has 1 field to enter email, and 1 button to "Log In"
3. Enter your email address into the only open textbox.
4. Press "Log In" button
5. At the top of the window "Welcome back username" will appear. (username is placeholder for users username)
6. Rest of GUI appears. See other User acceptance tests for other functionalities.
 

## User Acceptance Test 3: No MongoDB database up and running on port 27017
1. Start program in CMD-Line by running "gui_motivational_quotes.py" in program-production folder.
2. No window will appear on the screen. Check the console output from python program and you will see an error message
thrown by "pymongo.mongoClient"


## User Acceptance Test 4: Empty input as email address - same behavior can be seen for username
1. Start program in CMD-Line by running "gui_motivational_quotes.py" in program-production folder. (Ensure MongoDB is running and listening on port 27017)
2. Press "Log In" button without inputting email
3. Warning will appear on screen saying "Please enter a valid email address"
4. You can press ok, and repeat process until valid email address is entered